Changelog Modification for core-client and core-rest-pipeline (#15334)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/core/core-client/CHANGELOG.md

# Release History

## 1.1.2 (2021-05-20)

> - Fixed and issue to check for the mandatory paramter in the header and query values.[PR 15278](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/pull/15278)

Reviewer: nit
```suggestion
- Fixed an issue to check for the mandatory parameter in the header and query values. [PR 15278](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/pull/15278)
```
